Special Cottage Pie
Serves 3

Ingredients
	1/2 tin chopped tomatoes
	1 large onion
	2 medium size carrots
	1/2 garlic bulb
	1 teaspoon dried mixed herbs
	1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
	100gm cheddar cheese
	450gm minced beef
	3 average size potatoes
	1 fresh tomato
	salt
	butter or margarine
	cooking oil
	1 cauliflower (accompaniment)

Instructions
	1. Peel and halve the potatoes
	2. Peel/scrape the carrots and cut into small chunks
	3. Place carrots and potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water.
		Add a sprinkle of salt. Simmer on the hob for 30 minutes
		Do next while this is cooking ..
	4. Peel and cut the onion into small pieces
	5. Pour a little oil into a frying pan and heat for on the hob
		for one minute
	6. Put the onion into the frying pan, stirring occasionally.
		Cook until well glazed and soft
		Do next while this is cooking ..
	7. Split the garlic bulb in half and use the pieces from one half.
		Peel the pieces and then cut as small as you reasonably can.
	8. Once the onion is cooked, add the minced beef and the garlic to the
		onion in the frying pan and mix-in well. Stir and cook until all 
		the red of the meat is gone
	9. Once the meat is ready, put it all into a saucepan and add half a tin
		of chopped tomatoes. Add 1/4 mug full water. Cook on the hob for 
		30 minutes, stirring from time to time.
		Do next while this is cooking ..
	10.	Add 1 teaspoon dried mixed herbs, 1/2 teaspoon of ground black pepper
		and a sprinkle of salt to the meat and stir-in
	11. Once the potatoes are soft, drain and separate the potatoes to mash.
		Add the carrots to the meat in the saucepan and stir in
	12. Add a generous knob of butter/margarine to the potatoes and mash
	13. Once the meat etc. has been cooked for 1/2 an hour, transfer into
		a suitable baking dish/tin and spread to cover the base
	14. Split the cauliflower into it's florettes
	15. Put the cauliflower into a saucepan and cover with water. Cook on the
		hob for 25 minutes.
		Do next while this is cooking ..
	16. Grate the cheese
	17. Cover the meat etc. in the baking dish with the mashed potato
	18. Sprinkle the cheese evenly onto the top of the mashed potato
	19. Cut the tomato into two and then into about 12 small slivers
	20. Arrange the tomato pieces on top of the cheese in the meat dish
	21. Place the meat dish in the oven at 200 degrees C for 15 minutes.
	22. When all is cooked - Dish Up. Bon Appetit!
	
	
